[Music]
Henry, Henry Oldridge, coming mother.
[Applause]
Postum presents the Ulrich family, written by Clifford Goldsmith and starring Ezra Stone.
The entertainment for all the family brought to you by Postam,
attempting wholesome drink for all the family.
Postam.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Before we join the Aldrich family for our regular visit,
I'd like to present briefly the case of the vanished man.
Mom, Mom, is there around anywhere now?
He just went upstairs, Billy.
And look, if you're aiming to ask your father
for that fishing rod now, don't.
He's got indigestion again, and he's so grouchy,
I wouldn't even ask him for the time.
Now, there's a case that I'd say calls
for immediate investigation,
where nobody suffers repeatedly from indigestion
without good cause.
And in many cases, the trouble may be coffee.
For while lots of people can drink coffee
without harmful effect, many others frequently
suffer discomfort.
If you think coffee disagrees with you, start drinking post-em instead.
There's nothing at all in post-em that can possibly upset you.
And it's such a delicious, different drink you won't mind giving up coffee in the least.
So give post-em a fair trial.
It may be that even after two short weeks, you'll find yourself no longer troubled
with indigestion thanks to switching to post-em.
[Music]
Henrod Scofield, Tom Sawyer, Huck Finn.
They're more than just characters in books for the things they say and do,
or the things real boys say and do.
And Henry Aldrich is another of these typical American youngsters.
A boy from your own block, perhaps from your own home.
Now our scene opens at the Aldrich telephone.
Hello, operator. I want Elm 629.
Elm 629.
Henry, tell them exactly what you think of them.
She was, they must have arrived by now.
Number, please.
Operator, I just gave it to you.
Elm 629.
Henry!
Yes, father?
Are you through with that telephone?
No, sir. I'm still trying to get my number.
Allow Santaville Station.
This is Henry Yoldridge. I sent away for a package about ten days ago, and I wonder whether it's come yet.
A package?
Yes, there are some Christmas cards.
Did you say Christmas cards?
Yes, sir.
Well, if you checked them that long ago, they've probably been thrown out by now.
What's that? Oh, I didn't check them. I'm still waiting for them.
How's that?
They're samples for next Christmas.
Homer Brown and I are going to sell them from house to house only. They're not here yet, and we're worried.
- Given the dues, Henry. - Well, you're talking with the ticket office.
Hold the line now. Connect you with the express department.
Well, that's what I want to talk to.
- Gee whiz. - What does he say, Henry?
He's switching me. He thinks they may have been thrown out.
Thrown out? What does he think we're going to show people for samples?
Hello. Sentable express office.
Hello. Do you have any Christmas cards there?
What's that? What did you want?
This is Henry Aldrich.
Henry Aldrich isn't here.
[LAUGHTER]
I know it. He's here.
Who is he want to speak to me Henry?
Let go of the receiver Homer, you're twisting me.
Hello, hello, did you want the Centible Express office?
Yes, have Henry you older than Christmas cards come?
Watch that, will you speak a little louder please?
Where are my Christmas cards?
You know it's a funny thing but it sounds as though you keep saying Christmas cards.
I am, they were sent by Express!
Well this is a fine time to be calling us, you should have reported it last January.
But I just ordered them in May.
May? Well, why don't you come down here sometime and fill out a tracy?
Well, jeez, don't you realize there's a war bond drive on?
Watch that. We don't get those samples. We can't get any orders to buy bonds with.
I'm sorry, but you'll have to come down.
But wait, I... Hello? Hello?
That's telling him where to get off Henry.
Imagine.
Henry!
Yes, Father?
Are you through?
Yes, or for a second?
Could we ask you something?
Not until I put in my call.
But it's important.
What's it about?
Why, uh, Christmas, Mr. Aldrich.
Will you boys please get away from this phone?
Yes, Father.
Will you let us know as soon as you can discuss it, Mr. Aldrich?
Yes, Alice.
I'm going to phone Mr. Thomas.
What are you going to say to him, Sam?
I'm going to ask him quite frankly
why he can't attend a few more committee meetings.
You aren't going to say anything you'll be sorry for, are you?
I'm not going to be one bit sorry.
Here we are, ready to start a big bonclove drive.
Everybody's for it.
They think it's a fine thing.
But a few in this town aren't doing anything about it.
Isn't Mr. Howard healthy?
He is not. There's another example. We have a chance to get some war-bond show cards at cost.
And Mr. Howard, the treasurer of the committee can't show enough interest to make up his mind as to how many show cards we need.
Well, dear, if I were you, I'd resign from the committee.
And call off the war?
Well, you can't fight it. Single-handed.
Father!
Yes! Alice, where's the phone book?
It's right there on the stand.
I know you've got a lot on your mind, Father, but would it be all right if I should ask you just one thing?
What about Christmas, remember?
Christmas?
Yes, sir. Have you bought your cards yet?
Henry, will you please step out of my life while I look up this number?
Hello operator, I want Elm 232.
No, wait a minute.
I just thought I'd ask my mother whether I can go down to the express office.
Father, where are you going?
Down to the office and put on a call.
Now then, tell me once more why you came down here to the express office.
Well, I'm Henry Aldrich and my friend and I
you're going to sell Christmas cards, see?
Say that again, please. You're doing what?
We're selling Christmas cards for next Christmas.
Oh, well, I wouldn't be interested.
But wait.
[LAUGHTER]
You told us to come down here.
Here's the whole thing.
We sent away for some samples, see?
We're going to take orders, but you don't have to put any money
down until September 1st, and we'd like to know where they are.
Is that clear?
Yes.
Where, what are--
--our Christmas cards.
Henry, maybe I better explain it to him.
No, Homer, you'll only confuse him.
All I know is there's nothing like that here.
What are we going to do?
Here it is June and Christmas is getting closer every month.
I'll say.
She was going to use all the profits to join the War Barn Club.
You are?
Well, I'll take a good look, but I'm pretty sure that if there
were any Christmas cards in this office, I'd know about it.
Could one of you boys help me with this package, please?
Yeah, sure.
Hello, Mrs. Howard.
Hello, Henry.
Oh, thank you so much.
That's all right.
This is heavy, isn't it?
Thank you.
I always said you were a gentleman.
Well, thank you, Mrs. Howard.
Would you-- would you be interested in some samples
of Christmas cards provided we can find them?
That's very funny.
What is?
No, really, Mrs. Howard.
We're selling them for bonds.
For what?
Don't you know war bonds.
We're going to give 10% of our income.
Wouldn't you like to have us come over as soon as our samples
come and take an order?
You want me to sit down on a hot day like this and pick out my Christmas cards for next winter?
Why not?
And Mrs. Howard, I guess we haven't made ourselves clear.
What they do is print your name on each card.
That's what takes the time.
Sure.
Especially if they print it in Old English.
You mean it takes six months?
Well, if you want it done right it does.
And Mrs. Howard, if you put it off, the first thing you know,
snow will be falling and the Christmas bells will be ringing.
- Oh, my goodness, what's that? - What's what?
- Oh, just a freight train. - Oh.
Couldn't we interest you, Mrs. Howard?
(audience laughing)
Just to sort of help our drive?
Well, do you have any playing cards
that aren't too fancy with just Merry Christmas on them?
Oh, yes.
I'm pretty sure we have.
And they're cheap, I think.
Well, I'll tell you what to do.
Mr. Howard does all the ordering,
so you phone him, and if it's all right with him,
it's all right with me.
Well, thanks very much.
Do you want your name printed in Old English?
Yeah, she might as well,
as long as we've got plenty of time.
Hey Henry, there's no shipping here that I can locate.
You're sure?
Oh Mr. Harris, I want to send that box of books there,
collected, it's all marked and everything.
Yes, man, you want to wait for a receipt?
No, I'm in a hurry.
I want to get home before I get stuck in a snowdrift.
What's that?
Merry Christmas.
What did she say?
It's all right.
Are you sure our package isn't here?
Yes, sir.
Because see, how are we going to buy barns if we can't go to work?
You buying barns?
Sure, that's what this whole thing is about.
Sure. Henry and I are having a drive.
In conjunction with the rest of the town?
Oh, sure.
Well, I did notice that important.
Now, you say your package was shipped about how long ago?
Ten days ago. Wouldn't you say Homer?
That's the way I figure it.
I see. Do you know whether it had anything breakable in it?
Breakable?
Yes, any glass.
Glass?
No, I wouldn't say so. Would you, Homer?
No, I've never seen a glass one that I can remember.
No, I'd say definitely, no glass.
Well, let's fill out one of these blanks here and see whether we can get a tracer started.
And please make it urgent.
Oh, yes.
And add no glass.
Do you think it'll take very long because until it gets here, we're practically at a standstill.
Well, I don't suppose I ought to do it, but since it's connected with the Bond Club Drive, I'll send the main express office a wire.
Hello? Hello? Is this Mr. Bush's office?
This is Bush.
This is Sam Ulrich.
Say, I was just talking with Ted Thomas.
I asked him to do a little work on this bond club committee, and he seemed very much pleased.
Yes?
In fact, he said he was for it 100%.
Fine.
The only thing is, he says he's sorry.
He has a couple of other things that he's going to have to give his time to, and he suggested you take his place.
That's for the bond committee, Sam?
Yes.
It's fine. It's just fine. Let him have the opportunity.
In fact, I'm 500% for it.
Well, that's fine. Now I'll tell you what we want you to do.
wait for we get too far to this i
unfortunately have a lot of work on my desk it's already way behind you have
yet a little ashamed of myself to let go this far especially the time like this
i see it but tell you what i'll do
get all the john clark
is the man for you john clark yes it's having lunch with him yesterday
saying you wish you could do something to help out he said he felt so useless
it did
well that's fine matter facts and why don't you call him yourself
easy for you to make direct contact all right thanks that's okay sam
and the other thing that we don't have to take a while and by and by and
well that's a fine thing and the letter for you mister always thank you put on
my desk is mister bush against the band now no no he's very much for it
in fact he's five hundred percent for it
that's more than anyone else i've called up this morning
if you talk to mister harvard yes he said he doesn't think a thousand show
cards and necessary to advertise the band out of the one is to do keep it a
secret well he said he wants to think it over and you're calling back
are you gonna ask mister clock to help you
Not right away. I'm going to sit down and rest a minute.
And we let you the telegram express company, Sanders.
I still can't believe it, Homer.
Read it again.
It says, "Audrich Centerville, have no record shipment of Christmas trees this year."
Wire further details collect.
Well, if that isn't the darnest thing,
How could people be so dumb, Henry?
What do you think we all say and reply?
Tell them we can't understand that telegram,
will they please wire us more details?
Well, that isn't going to get us anywhere, Homer.
We've got to send them a very careful explanation.
All right, only.
I don't know how we're going to do it in 10 words.
Why should we worry about 10 words?
They say send it collect.
You got a pencil?
Sure.
What do we say?
Gentlemen.
Then how about don't want Christmas trees?
Sure.
That'll tell them.
We cannot purchase war bonds because order we placed 10 days ago has not arrived.
Sure. Have you misplaced Christmas cards?
Some of those were New Year's cards, Homer.
They were?
Let's just say, have you misplaced holiday greetings?
That's good. That'll tell a whole story.
Hear Homer, take it over to the ticket office and finish writing it down while I phone Mr. Howard.
What for?
Tell him his wife wants him to place an order with us.
You know the more I think about this telegram the better I like it.
What's Mr. Howard's number?
855.
Sure.
Number please.
Elm 855.
Can we do you think we ought to cut out any of this just to reduce the cost?
What do you think?
Well, the only word that isn't necessary is gentlemen.
Why should they have to pay to be pulled a thing like that?
Okay, scratch it out.
Mr. Howard speaking.
Hello, this is Henry Aldrich.
What did you say Aldrich?
Yes, sir. Oh, yes. You're calling about the cards, aren't you, old rich?
The cards? Yes, sir.
That's a coincidence. I was just sitting here thinking about them.
You were? About how large are they?
Well, I'm sorry, but the samples aren't here yet.
Have you any ideas for the price?
You mean by the dozen?
Oh, you aren't trying to be sarcastic, old rich.
What's that? Well, I'll tell you what I'll do with you.
If your heart's sent on it, I'll settle for 500.
What's that?
Not one more. That's all we have.
500? That's right.
Well, what kind of lettering would you like on them?
Something in the way of Old English?
Old English? Don't you think black letters would be easier to read at a distance?
At a distance?
Well, they're going to be tacked up on telephone poles, aren't they?
Are they?
Is this Mr. Howard?
Yes, this is still Mr. Howard.
Are you sure you want 500?
Yes, sir. We can cover this town easily with that.
Goodbye.
Homer! Homer!
She was... We've got to send another telegram to the express company and hurry them up.
Why?
Mr. Howard's taking 500.
In Old English?
[Music]
Have you seen this, Joe?
What is it?
The Adjustment Desk ended up to us.
It's a telegram from Centerville signed Aldrich.
What's it about?
I don't understand it.
It says don't want Christmas trees.
Cannot purchase war bonds because order placed ten days ago not arrived.
Have you misplaced holiday greetings?
Well, that's clear enough.
What sense do you make out of it?
They're having some kind of a bond drive.
But what are they using Christmas trees for?
Don't ask me, probably for decorations.
And they decided it was a bad idea.
But we don't have any shipment of trees.
All right, fine, and everybody's happy.
Hey, but Joe, why do they say "Have you misplaced holiday greetings"?
Hey, what's that? Isn't that a period right after misplaced?
Is that a period?
Sure, but it ought to be a question mark.
Here's how it goes.
Cannot purchase war bonds because order placed ten days ago has not arrived.
Have you misplaced question mark holiday greetings, old rich?
What are the holiday greetings for?
I don't know. Isn't next Sunday, Father's Day?
Sure, but how they know I'm a father.
And look at this, Joe.
What they're looking for is a shipment of bonds.
A war bond?
Yes, that's so right there.
The driver's held up because we misplaced the shipment.
Gee, Bill, that's a pretty serious thing.
Uh, telegram, Mr. Cooper.
What's this one about?
I don't know, but it's marked right.
Oh, it's another one from Aldrich.
It says must have shipment, have sold 500.
Holiday greetings.
Well, that guy, isn't it?
We're going to get into trouble, Bill.
You better send that up to the superintendent
Let him try to figure it out.
[Music]
Well, it seems the more telegrams Henry Aldrich sends,
the more thoroughly confused the express man becomes,
which just goes to show ladies and gentlemen how very easy it is to misunderstand.
You, for instance, may think that iced postam is just another cooling summertime drink.
Actually, it's much more, a drink with a real surprise.
For the flavor of ice-postum is unlike anything else you've ever enjoyed.
It's not like coffee, any more than coffee's taste is like tea.
Ice-postum has a special flavor.
And perhaps the best way to tell you just how delicious that flavor is,
is to say that when you taste ice-postum, you will wish for a magic pitcher of it.
So that no matter how many glasses are poured out,
there'll always be plenty of ice-postum left.
Directions for making ice post them are on every post them container.
So tomorrow, make up a big pitcher full. It keeps perfectly in the ice box.
And when the family comes to the table, fill up long tall glasses with ice,
pour in golden brown post them, add a little cream and sugar if you like,
then serve and see everyone drink his glass dry
of this grand summertime refreshment.
Ice post them.
[Music]
Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich.
Henry and Homer had planned to take orders for Christmas cards
in order to make enough money to buy a war bond.
When the samples for the cards did not arrive, they wired the express company.
They wired a second time.
While the boys are waiting at the station for a second reply,
the scene opens in Mr. Aldrich's office.
Hello? Is this John Clark?
This is Mr. Clark.
Well, this is Sam Allers John.
Yes?
I was talking with Mr. Bush this morning about our bond drive.
I wanted him to do some work on one of the committees.
Yes, is he going to?
Well, he wants to. He's for us 500%.
But he's tied up right now and he suggested I call you and see whether you couldn't help us out.
Well, that's fine. That's fine. I'm glad you called.
Good. Now I'll tell you what we'd like to have you do.
Now, wait, Sam. Is this something that has to be done in the next few days?
Yes, it'll have to be.
Well, that's too bad.
Because after next week I could give you all the time you want.
But you can't right now.
Well you know how things aren't my business Sam.
I'm with your heart and soul but my hands are tied.
I see.
You know me Sam, I'm for this drive a thousand percent.
And I wish you luck.
Goodbye.
Here's the box I just arrived at the voltage.
A box? What's in it?
A supply of 10% pledge buttons for the bond drive.
Are they all 10%? Aren't any of them a thousand percent?
[phone ringing]
Hello Sam always speaking.
This is Howard.
Yes, Howard.
Sorry I was up when you called but I got your message.
My message?
Yes, and I don't understand it.
What message are you referring to?
Whether I prefer red or green envelopes.
For what?
For the cards, the show cards.
I would be born envelopes for them.
That's what I'm asking you.
But we said you don't want to go to the expense of ordering a thousand envelopes.
A thousand? Now look here, Aldrich.
We agreed to order only 500 cards.
Oh, we did?
So let's not spend any more time discussing it.
I've got a lot of things on my mind.
Are you too busy to come to a meeting at two?
I'm afraid I am, Sam. I've got a late lunch of engagement.
But you call me when it's over and let me know what you did.
Yes, of course.
Goodbye, Sam.
Goodbye.
- Sam! - Alice, what are you doing down here at the office?
Sam, I thought we'd go to meet for lunch.
I've been waiting in front of the Emporium for half an hour for you.
I'm sorry, Alice, but I've got work to do on the Bon Club parade.
Dear, do you have to work this hard? Why can't Henry help you?
Now, Alice, what good can one boy do?
Read it again, Henry.
I've already read it four times, huh?
Well, read it again. I can't believe it.
Aldridge Centerville greetings to you.
Entire force trying to trace shipment for bond drive
if unable-located vis-ry ordering through treasury department.
Please wire further wishes.
They're crazy, Henry.
And it's signed by the general superintendent.
Well, that's what's the trouble.
Do you know what my father does when he can't get action?
What?
He goes straight to the president of the company.
Does that help?
Sure, let me have your pencil.
Here.
She was, don't they realize we're losing orders left and right?
the big parade. We don't want to ride on a float if we haven't even bought our barn.
That's what I say. What are you writing?
President of the Express Company. Time is growing short.
Now how about time is shortening?
Yeah, time is shortening. Losing orders. What will we do about barn parade? Please send greetings.
That's telling them Homer. Do you think it's clear?
Clear? Why it says plain as day. And look, just as soon as we've sent this,
Let's call Mr. Howard again.
What for?
I just thought of something else we forgot to ask him.
And he calls while I was out for lunch, Miss Gray?
Yes, Mr. Howard. Mr. Aldrich's son, folks.
His son? What did he want?
He's apparently helping his father.
He wanted to know whether you want your middle initial printed on the cards.
On what cards?
On the show cards I imagine for the bond drive.
They're going to print my name on them?
I imagine they are. I'm supposed to call Mr. Aldrich back.
Well, I didn't realize that we're going to do anything like that.
The old rich boy asked about Mrs. Howard too, but I explained that she has nothing to do with this.
That's fine.
Miss Gray, now how many of those cards did I tell you to order?
500.
Yes, well I don't think 500 will be enough, do you?
I don't know, sir.
As a matter of fact, that wouldn't be anywhere near enough.
Now here's what you do.
Call Sam Aldrich, see?
Yes, sir.
Tell him I want at least a thousand cards.
Where, though, without your middle initial?
If he doesn't mention it, don't you?
After all, I don't want him to think my name has anything to do with doubling the order.
Yes, sir.
Besides, I don't really care whether the J is in or not.
Yes, Mr. Howard.
(dramatic music)
Mr. Aldridge.
- Yes, Mr. Thompson.
- The editor of The Times is here.
He wants you to go over some coffee with him.
- Yes, of course.
Tom, come on in.
- Oh, hello, Sam.
I just stopped by to show you the story
about the bond driver running tonight's paper.
- Fine, fine.
- Gotta give it the front page.
Nearly half a column.
- Yes.
- Half a column?
You couldn't spare any more than that.
- Well, half a column's quite a bit, Sam.
Tells the whole story.
- The only thing is--
- Sam, you know me.
for this drive but I can't overdo it. After all my subscribers expect to find
some news in the paper. The only thing is Tom the other paper is going to give
their entire front page. We need the same from you. You mean some of the folks
are against this drive? No, most of this town is working its head off. But there
are a few Tom that need waking up. The other ones we've got to sell on investing
10% of their income for the rest of this war. Don't you worry Sam, everything is
gonna be fine. Excuse me. Hello Sam already speaking. Mr. Allridge, it's the
Centerville station we got a telegram here for you.
-The telegram for me?
-I think it's for you.
It came in while I was out, says Aldrich Centerville.
-Go ahead. Who's it from?
-The president of the Express Company.
-From whom?
What's he say?
What's it about?
-He says, "Greetings.
I'm doing everything in my power to facilitate your bond drive.
If you do not get full cooperation from our local representative, please wire."
-Well, well, then you say that's from the president himself.
-Yeah.
And he's doing everything in his power to facilitate our bond drive.
Yeah?
And what's the rest if we do not get fully cooperation from local representatives, please wire?
Yeah, and greetings.
Greetings. Yeah, but that's not the important part.
And you say it's signed by the president?
Yes, sir.
Are you sure that's for me?
It's addressed to Ulrich.
Well, then I guess it is.
Yeah, goodbye, Mr. Ulrich.
Goodbye.
Well, Sam.
What's that, Tom?
There's never everybody that gets a telegram like that.
I beg your pardon.
Now tell me, frankly, Sam, about how much space do you think this paper ought to give to make this drive a success?
Well, to tell the truth, that should be up to you.
But we'd like a lot more than we're getting a great deal more.
And, frankly, Sam, I think you should have it.
Oh, excuse me.
Hello, Sam, already speaking.
Mr. Oldridge, this is Mr. Howard's secretary.
Yes?
Mr. Howard wanted me to tell you that if you feel we need a thousand of those show cards, it's all right.
Yes? Well, I'm glad he came around to my point of view.
I'm just sorry I didn't ask for 1500.
Well I think it would be alright if you ordered 1500.
You mean it's alright with Mr. Howard?
Oh yes, and prints them any way you want to.
Yes, well that's fine.
Sam, may I speak with Howard?
Mr. Gray, is Mr. Howard there?
Just a minute, I'll call him.
Hey Tom.
Mr. Roldridge, there's a gentleman in the outer office that wants to see you.
You see me?
From the express company.
Yeah?
Excuse me Tom, I'll be right back.
Hello?
Uh, Howard, this is Tom from over to time.
Yes?
Did you know that Sam Mulrich just got a personal wire
from the president no yes any told sam if he doesn't get the fullest cooperation
from us he wants to know
hello hello is this clock yes well clock this is white say you know that golf game
we were going to have tomorrow yes well would you mind our postponing it for a
couple weeks i'm going to be pretty busy on the bond club drive oh you are oh yes
yes i don't know whether you know it or not but the president's taking a personal
interest in it same old rich got a wire from washington and confidentially
Mr. Howard, I have your wife on the phone now.
Thank you. Hello, Jenny.
Yes?
This is JJ. I won't be home for dinner, Jen.
Why not?
I've got to do some work on the Bond Committee.
Probably be midnight before I get home.
But JJ, I've arranged a bridge game for tonight.
Well, cancel it. The Bond Drive is more important.
Yes, dear. Oh, has Henry Aldrich been in touch with you?
No, what about?
Christmas card.
Jenny, this is no time to think about Christmas cards. Goodbye.
Good bye.
Hello? Hello? Is this Sam Aldrich?
Yes?
Well, this is Clark. Say, Sam, why didn't you call me again?
What about?
The bond drive. We can't sit back and expect you to carry the whole load.
Well, I certainly appreciate that.
Don't you think we ought to talk to folks and to invest in 15% each week instead of just 10?
Well, we'll talk about it. We'll talk about it.
♪ Extra extra paper ♪
♪ Get your extra time share ♪
♪ Read all about the fun drive for rings ♪
♪ Extra paper ♪
♪ All about the fun drive ♪
♪ Extra ♪
(upbeat music)
- Sam, Sam just look at the float that's going by.
- Which one?
- The one just coming up to the reviewing stand.
- Oh yes, yes, very good.
- Is the float that Henry and Homer are on inside yet?
- Uh, not yet.
They ought to be along in a minute though.
- The sandwich company here in town bought the most bonds.
- The express company.
- The express company?
Yes, for some reason the main office in Chicago wired that they'd be willing to top the pledge of any firm in town.
Well, what's that knife, though?
Hey, you know those short cards Howard, oh, gave them pretty guys.
Well, there certainly are a lot of them.
You know, it's weird, JJ Howard and the Spoken, and he's just been putting them up.
Oh, incidentally, don't let me forget to tell Henry when he gets home.
There's a package at the house from the Excelsior Greeting Card Company.
Yeah?
Yes, it came this morning by Apostle Pose.
Sam, Sam here comes the float that Henry's on.
Where?
- We down the street, see him, Sam, see him? - Oh yes!
Sam, where did they get the truck?
They expressed company loaned it.
But Sam, hire Henry and Homer in track suits.
They're supposed to be relay races, Alice, don't you see?
Oh, oh yes, isn't that nice.
What is that that Henry's handing over to Homer?
A torch, Alice. See the sign above them?
They represent the spirit of total effort.
A total what?
Effort, Alice. Effort.
This drive is the greatest thing this town has ever had.
[Music]
Henry Aldrich will be back in just a moment.
Meantime, let me pass along this friendly suggestion.
If you think coffee disagrees with you, try making Postam your regular mealtime beverage instead of coffee.
And for a grand summertime drink for all the family, be sure to try refreshing, delicious, ice Postam.
(dramatic music)
- Henry, I wanna have a talk with you.
- Yes, Father.
- You and Homer looked fine on that float,
and it's fine if you would have wanted to sell Christmas cards
in order to buy a bond.
- Yes, Father.
- But I don't think you should go from house to house
carrying that torch in your track suits.
(dramatic music)
- The Aldrich family has re-broadcast through shortwave
to our armed forces in all parts of the world.
Listen again next week, same time, same station, for another sparkling half hour with your favorite youngster, his family and his pals.
The Aldrich family starring Ezra Stone is written by Clifford Goldsmith.
Original music is composed and conducted by Jack Miller.
This is Dan Seymour saying, "You will enjoy fragrant, flavorful postum."
And remember, postum contains nothing at all that can possibly upset your digestion.
[Music]
[Applause]
Jell-O puddings take no additional sugar to make,
and they give you the most luscious puddings you ever tasted.
Try Jell-O butterscotch pudding.
It's gloriously rich and smooth, so creamy it melts in your mouth,
and how you'll love its swell golden butterscotch flavor,
a flavor that's really a thrill to taste.
When you order jello, order jello puddings,
jello chocolate, vanilla, and butterscotch puddings,
jello puddings need no additional sugar,
and they taste just like grandma's only more so.
This program came to you from New York.
This is the National Broadcasting Company.
[Music]
[buzzing]